Application title on AppStore:
HUDWAY road windshield AR navigation Head-Up Display HUD for drivers + Voice Co-Driver

Application description on AppStore:
«Hudway is one of the cleverest driving apps we've seen»
— CNET

«HUDWAY turns your windshield into a jet fighter cockpit»
— digitaltrends.com

«The Hudway HUD tool will remind you nothing less than a science fiction movie that you watched recently»
— crazyengineers.com

***

HUDWAY is a free augmented reality app that helps drivers follow directions in fog, snow, rain and at night via windshield projections.

With the HUDWAY app, drivers can now navigate the road with both hands on the wheel and mind on driving. HUDWAY outlines the road ahead with turn-by-turn directions, and displays it on the windshield using head-up technology — details like speed, distance, and driving instructions are displayed in different light.

HUDWAY has a fundamentally new approach of Voice Assisting in navigation systems. Besides main road intersactions, Hudway Voice Assistant alerts you on every dangerous curve on the road ahead, creating an audio-image for the next one-two turns in your head. Hudway Assistant — professional Co-Driver on your phone.
 
If you are foreign to concept of head-up technology, it is a display that presents information without requiring users to look away from their usual viewpoints.
 
It works off the back of most popular Map services. Built route might be preload so it can be used offline — this is especially handy when you go into the countryside, where there may be no connection at all.
 
The HUDWAY does not require any other equipment other than your smartphone. Just place your phone on the dashboard and the glare from the window will reflect what is displayed on the screen of the phone. This feature would work best in low visibility conditions, such as nighttime, rain, fog, or even heavy snow.

Attention: This app uses a background mode. Continued use of GPS and Audio-services running in the background can dramatically decrease battery life.

Join our Facebook page: 
https://www.facebook.com/hudwayapp 

Follow us on Twitter: 
https://twitter.com/hudwayapp 

For more information visit our homepage: 
http://hudwayapp.com 

Drive Safely!
